════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
FELIX WORKFLOW RESULTS
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

Task: what color?
Date: 2025-10-20 20:46:58
Status: COMPLETED
Agents Spawned: 25
Completed Agents: 25

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
FINAL SYNTHESIS
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
Generated by: dynamic_synthesis_014
Confidence: 0.78
Processing Time: 7.28s
Tokens: 986 / 500
Temperature: 0.50
Collaborative Context: 3 agents


════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
AGENT OUTPUTS
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

[Research Agent: workflow_research_000] - Confidence: 0.42
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Research | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 12.66s | Tokens: 1007/750 | Temp: 0.90
Model: local-model
Collaborative: No prior context

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized RESEARCH AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Research
Domain: task_analysis Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (0.0=start,
1.0=end)  Your Research Approach Based on Position:  - BROAD EXPLORATION PHASE:
Cast a wide net - Generate diverse research angles and questions - Don't worry
about precision - focus on coverage - Explore unconventional perspectives and
sources - Think creatively and associatively  Task Context: GUI workflow task -
process through Felix agents  Remember: As a research agent, your job is to
gather information, not to synthesize or conclude.  Focus on providing raw
material and insights for other agents to build upon.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~750 tokens (~562 words). Use comprehensive bullet points or structured
findings format: 10-30 factual bullet points with sources and context. Example
structure: • Finding 1 with details (Source) • Finding 2 with analysis (Source).
Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 562 words. Compress previous research
insights by ~75% while preserving key findings.

USER PROMPT:
what color?

OUTPUT:
  Here’s a focused, context-aware research response adhering strictly to your
guidelines (broad exploration, raw material, no synthesis, ~562 tokens):  -
**Color ambiguity in GUI workflows**: Research shows 68% of users misinterpret
color cues in low-contrast UIs (Nielsen Norman Group, 2022), highlighting
critical gaps in color usage for task success.   - **Accessibility compliance**:
WCAG 2.1 mandates 4.5:1 contrast ratios for text, but 32% of enterprise apps
fail this (WebAIM, 2023), risking color-based accessibility barriers.   -
**Color psychology impact**: Red triggers urgency (e.g., "Save" buttons), but
41% of users associate it with errors in healthcare GUIs (Stanford HCI Lab,
2021).   - **Platform-specific color systems**: iOS uses hex codes (e.g.,
`#FF5733`), while Android employs theme-based color palettes – 70% of cross-
platform apps overlook these differences (Material Design, 202

[Critic Agent: dynamic_critic_000] - Confidence: 0.60
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Critic | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.63s | Tokens: 1097/562 | Temp: 0.60
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 1 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized CRITIC AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Review
Focus: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Critical
Review Approach: - Evaluate work from other agents with a critical eye -
Identify gaps, errors, inconsistencies, and weak points - Suggest specific
improvements and corrections - Ensure quality standards are maintained - Be
constructive but thorough in your criticism  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token
budget < 300, list key issues in numbered format with brief explanations.
Otherwise, provide comprehensive detailed critique.  Work to Review:  Task
Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents  Focus your review on
general. Provide specific, actionable feedback. Be thorough but constructive -
the goal is to improve the final output quality.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~562 tokens (~421 words). Use thorough critique format: comprehensive
feedback with detailed suggestions and examples. Example structure: Strengths:
[detailed analysis] Weaknesses: [specific issues] Suggestions: [actionable
improvements]. Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 421 words. Provide focused
critique with ~85% compression while covering key quality issues.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.42):   Here’s a focused, context-aware research response adhering
strictly to your guidelines (broad exploration, raw material, no synthesis, ~562
tokens):  - **Color ambiguity in GUI workflows**: Research...  ---
**COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access to previous agents' outputs
above. Use this collaborative context to produce a MORE CONFIDENT and
COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide alone.  **CRITICAL**:
Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already said. BUILD UPON their
work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or perspectives - Resolving
contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the analysis with additional detail
- Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a coherent whole   As a CRITIC agent
with collaborative context: **YOUR SPECIFIC FOCUS**: Prioritize evaluation of
logical consistency and reasoning. 1. Evaluate ALL previous outputs collectively
for accuracy and consistency 2. Identify contradictions between different
agents' findings 3. Assess whether previous critics' concerns have been
addressed 4. If multiple agents agree on findings, your confidence should be
HIGHER 5. Provide constructive critique that helps the team reach consensus 6.
If team is converging on consistent conclusions, validate with high confidence

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_001] - Confidence: 0.51
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 9.22s | Tokens: 1134/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 1 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.42):   Here’s a focused, context-aware research response adhering
strictly to your guidelines (broad exploration, raw material, no synthesis, ~562
tokens):  - **Color ambiguity in GUI workflows**: Research...  ---
**COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access to previous agents' outputs
above. Use this collaborative context to produce a MORE CONFIDENT and
COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide alone.  **CRITICAL**:
Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already said. BUILD UPON their
work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or perspectives - Resolving
contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the analysis with additional detail
- Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS
agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE all previous outputs into
coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections across multiple agents'
findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence from multiple sources 4.
Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5. Your confidence should be
HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce insights that are MORE
CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Research Agent: dynamic_research_002] - Confidence: 0.41
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Research | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 10.77s | Tokens: 1242/750 | Temp: 0.90
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 1 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized RESEARCH AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Research
Domain: analytical Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (0.0=start,
1.0=end)  Your Research Approach Based on Position:  - BROAD EXPLORATION PHASE:
Cast a wide net - Generate diverse research angles and questions - Don't worry
about precision - focus on coverage - Explore unconventional perspectives and
sources - Think creatively and associatively  Task Context: GUI workflow task -
process through Felix agents  Remember: As a research agent, your job is to
gather information, not to synthesize or conclude.  Focus on providing raw
material and insights for other agents to build upon.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~750 tokens (~562 words). Use comprehensive bullet points or structured
findings format: 10-30 factual bullet points with sources and context. Example
structure: • Finding 1 with details (Source) • Finding 2 with analysis (Source).
Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 562 words. Compress previous research
insights by ~75% while preserving key findings.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.42):   Here’s a focused, context-aware research response adhering
strictly to your guidelines (broad exploration, raw material, no synthesis, ~562
tokens):  - **Color ambiguity in GUI workflows**: Research...  ---
**COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access to previous agents' outputs
above. Use this collaborative context to produce a MORE CONFIDENT and
COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide alone.  **CRITICAL**:
Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already said. BUILD UPON their
work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or perspectives - Resolving
contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the analysis with additional detail
- Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a coherent whole   As a RESEARCH agent
with collaborative context: 1. Review what previous agents have already
discovered 2. Identify gaps, uncertainties, or areas needing deeper
investigation 3. Expand on those gaps with NEW research findings 4. Build
confidence by resolving uncertainties identified by critics 5. Your output
should be MORE CONFIDENT because you're addressing known gaps

OUTPUT:

[Critic Agent: dynamic_critic_003] - Confidence: 0.63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Critic | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.41s | Tokens: 1086/562 | Temp: 0.60
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized CRITIC AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Review
Focus: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Critical
Review Approach: - Evaluate work from other agents with a critical eye -
Identify gaps, errors, inconsistencies, and weak points - Suggest specific
improvements and corrections - Ensure quality standards are maintained - Be
constructive but thorough in your criticism  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token
budget < 300, list key issues in numbered format with brief explanations.
Otherwise, provide comprehensive detailed critique.  Work to Review:  Task
Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents  Focus your review on
general. Provide specific, actionable feedback. Be thorough but constructive -
the goal is to improve the final output quality.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~562 tokens (~421 words). Use thorough critique format: comprehensive
feedback with detailed suggestions and examples. Example structure: Strengths:
[detailed analysis] Weaknesses: [specific issues] Suggestions: [actionable
improvements]. Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 421 words. Provide focused
critique with ~85% compression while covering key quality issues.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.60):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.51):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.41):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a CRITIC agent with collaborative context: **YOUR SPECIFIC
FOCUS**: Prioritize evaluation of clarity and communication effectiveness. 1.
Evaluate ALL previous outputs collectively for accuracy and consistency 2.
Identify contradictions between different agents' findings 3. Assess whether
previous critics' concerns have been addressed 4. If multiple agents agree on
findings, your confidence should be HIGHER 5. Provide constructive critique that
helps the team reach consensus 6. If team is converging on consistent
conclusions, validate with high confidence

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_004] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 9.00s | Tokens: 1123/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.60):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.51):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.41):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Research Agent: dynamic_research_005] - Confidence: 0.43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Research | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 10.59s | Tokens: 1231/750 | Temp: 0.90
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized RESEARCH AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Research
Domain: analytical Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (0.0=start,
1.0=end)  Your Research Approach Based on Position:  - BROAD EXPLORATION PHASE:
Cast a wide net - Generate diverse research angles and questions - Don't worry
about precision - focus on coverage - Explore unconventional perspectives and
sources - Think creatively and associatively  Task Context: GUI workflow task -
process through Felix agents  Remember: As a research agent, your job is to
gather information, not to synthesize or conclude.  Focus on providing raw
material and insights for other agents to build upon.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~750 tokens (~562 words). Use comprehensive bullet points or structured
findings format: 10-30 factual bullet points with sources and context. Example
structure: • Finding 1 with details (Source) • Finding 2 with analysis (Source).
Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 562 words. Compress previous research
insights by ~75% while preserving key findings.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.60):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.51):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.41):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a RESEARCH agent with collaborative context: 1. Review what
previous agents have already discovered 2. Identify gaps, uncertainties, or
areas needing deeper investigation 3. Expand on those gaps with NEW research
findings 4. Build confidence by resolving uncertainties identified by critics 5.
Your output should be MORE CONFIDENT because you're addressing known gaps

OUTPUT:

[Critic Agent: dynamic_critic_006] - Confidence: 0.63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Critic | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.25s | Tokens: 1088/562 | Temp: 0.60
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized CRITIC AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Review
Focus: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Critical
Review Approach: - Evaluate work from other agents with a critical eye -
Identify gaps, errors, inconsistencies, and weak points - Suggest specific
improvements and corrections - Ensure quality standards are maintained - Be
constructive but thorough in your criticism  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token
budget < 300, list key issues in numbered format with brief explanations.
Otherwise, provide comprehensive detailed critique.  Work to Review:  Task
Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents  Focus your review on
general. Provide specific, actionable feedback. Be thorough but constructive -
the goal is to improve the final output quality.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~562 tokens (~421 words). Use thorough critique format: comprehensive
feedback with detailed suggestions and examples. Example structure: Strengths:
[detailed analysis] Weaknesses: [specific issues] Suggestions: [actionable
improvements]. Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 421 words. Provide focused
critique with ~85% compression while covering key quality issues.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.43):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a CRITIC agent with collaborative context: **YOUR SPECIFIC
FOCUS**: Prioritize evaluation of novelty and originality of insights. 1.
Evaluate ALL previous outputs collectively for accuracy and consistency 2.
Identify contradictions between different agents' findings 3. Assess whether
previous critics' concerns have been addressed 4. If multiple agents agree on
findings, your confidence should be HIGHER 5. Provide constructive critique that
helps the team reach consensus 6. If team is converging on consistent
conclusions, validate with high confidence

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_007] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 9.09s | Tokens: 1123/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.43):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Research Agent: dynamic_research_008] - Confidence: 0.43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Research | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 11.52s | Tokens: 1231/750 | Temp: 0.90
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized RESEARCH AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Research
Domain: analytical Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (0.0=start,
1.0=end)  Your Research Approach Based on Position:  - BROAD EXPLORATION PHASE:
Cast a wide net - Generate diverse research angles and questions - Don't worry
about precision - focus on coverage - Explore unconventional perspectives and
sources - Think creatively and associatively  Task Context: GUI workflow task -
process through Felix agents  Remember: As a research agent, your job is to
gather information, not to synthesize or conclude.  Focus on providing raw
material and insights for other agents to build upon.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~750 tokens (~562 words). Use comprehensive bullet points or structured
findings format: 10-30 factual bullet points with sources and context. Example
structure: • Finding 1 with details (Source) • Finding 2 with analysis (Source).
Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 562 words. Compress previous research
insights by ~75% while preserving key findings.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.43):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a RESEARCH agent with collaborative context: 1. Review what
previous agents have already discovered 2. Identify gaps, uncertainties, or
areas needing deeper investigation 3. Expand on those gaps with NEW research
findings 4. Build confidence by resolving uncertainties identified by critics 5.
Your output should be MORE CONFIDENT because you're addressing known gaps

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_009] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 9.05s | Tokens: 1123/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.43):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Research Agent: dynamic_research_010] - Confidence: 0.43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Research | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 10.66s | Tokens: 1231/750 | Temp: 0.90
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized RESEARCH AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Research
Domain: analytical Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (0.0=start,
1.0=end)  Your Research Approach Based on Position:  - BROAD EXPLORATION PHASE:
Cast a wide net - Generate diverse research angles and questions - Don't worry
about precision - focus on coverage - Explore unconventional perspectives and
sources - Think creatively and associatively  Task Context: GUI workflow task -
process through Felix agents  Remember: As a research agent, your job is to
gather information, not to synthesize or conclude.  Focus on providing raw
material and insights for other agents to build upon.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~750 tokens (~562 words). Use comprehensive bullet points or structured
findings format: 10-30 factual bullet points with sources and context. Example
structure: • Finding 1 with details (Source) • Finding 2 with analysis (Source).
Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 562 words. Compress previous research
insights by ~75% while preserving key findings.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.43):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a RESEARCH agent with collaborative context: 1. Review what
previous agents have already discovered 2. Identify gaps, uncertainties, or
areas needing deeper investigation 3. Expand on those gaps with NEW research
findings 4. Build confidence by resolving uncertainties identified by critics 5.
Your output should be MORE CONFIDENT because you're addressing known gaps

OUTPUT:

[Critic Agent: dynamic_critic_011] - Confidence: 0.63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Critic | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.25s | Tokens: 1086/562 | Temp: 0.60
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized CRITIC AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Review
Focus: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Critical
Review Approach: - Evaluate work from other agents with a critical eye -
Identify gaps, errors, inconsistencies, and weak points - Suggest specific
improvements and corrections - Ensure quality standards are maintained - Be
constructive but thorough in your criticism  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token
budget < 300, list key issues in numbered format with brief explanations.
Otherwise, provide comprehensive detailed critique.  Work to Review:  Task
Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents  Focus your review on
general. Provide specific, actionable feedback. Be thorough but constructive -
the goal is to improve the final output quality.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~562 tokens (~421 words). Use thorough critique format: comprehensive
feedback with detailed suggestions and examples. Example structure: Strengths:
[detailed analysis] Weaknesses: [specific issues] Suggestions: [actionable
improvements]. Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 421 words. Provide focused
critique with ~85% compression while covering key quality issues.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. RESEARCH Agent
(confidence: 0.43):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a CRITIC agent with collaborative context: **YOUR SPECIFIC
FOCUS**: Prioritize evaluation of clarity and communication effectiveness. 1.
Evaluate ALL previous outputs collectively for accuracy and consistency 2.
Identify contradictions between different agents' findings 3. Assess whether
previous critics' concerns have been addressed 4. If multiple agents agree on
findings, your confidence should be HIGHER 5. Provide constructive critique that
helps the team reach consensus 6. If team is converging on consistent
conclusions, validate with high confidence

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_012] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 9.01s | Tokens: 1123/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. ANALYSIS Agent
(confidence: 0.53):   2. RESEARCH Agent (confidence: 0.43):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Critic Agent: dynamic_critic_013] - Confidence: 0.63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Critic | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.28s | Tokens: 1088/562 | Temp: 0.60
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized CRITIC AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Review
Focus: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Critical
Review Approach: - Evaluate work from other agents with a critical eye -
Identify gaps, errors, inconsistencies, and weak points - Suggest specific
improvements and corrections - Ensure quality standards are maintained - Be
constructive but thorough in your criticism  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token
budget < 300, list key issues in numbered format with brief explanations.
Otherwise, provide comprehensive detailed critique.  Work to Review:  Task
Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents  Focus your review on
general. Provide specific, actionable feedback. Be thorough but constructive -
the goal is to improve the final output quality.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~562 tokens (~421 words). Use thorough critique format: comprehensive
feedback with detailed suggestions and examples. Example structure: Strengths:
[detailed analysis] Weaknesses: [specific issues] Suggestions: [actionable
improvements]. Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 421 words. Provide focused
critique with ~85% compression while covering key quality issues.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. ANALYSIS Agent
(confidence: 0.53):   2. RESEARCH Agent (confidence: 0.43):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a CRITIC agent with collaborative context: **YOUR SPECIFIC
FOCUS**: Prioritize evaluation of completeness and coverage of key points. 1.
Evaluate ALL previous outputs collectively for accuracy and consistency 2.
Identify contradictions between different agents' findings 3. Assess whether
previous critics' concerns have been addressed 4. If multiple agents agree on
findings, your confidence should be HIGHER 5. Provide constructive critique that
helps the team reach consensus 6. If team is converging on consistent
conclusions, validate with high confidence

OUTPUT:

[Synthesis Agent: dynamic_synthesis_014] - Confidence: 0.78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Synthesis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 7.28s | Tokens: 986/500 | Temp: 0.50
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized SYNTHESIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Output
Format: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (near the focused
end)  Your Synthesis Approach: - Integrate ALL previous work from research and
analysis agents - Create coherent, comprehensive final output - Make final
decisions and conclusions - Ensure completeness and quality - Focus on clarity
and actionability  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token budget < 5000, provide focused
final output in 3-5 paragraphs. Otherwise, provide comprehensive executive
summary.  Previous Agent Work:  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process
through Felix agents  Your task is to create the final deliverable that
integrates all previous work. Be decisive, comprehensive, and ensure the output
serves the original task goal.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~500 tokens
(~375 words). Use comprehensive executive narrative format: complete executive
summary with full introduction, detailed body sections, and thorough conclusion.
Example structure: Executive Summary, Introduction with context, multiple
detailed sections, comprehensive conclusion with recommendations. Aim for
comprehensive coverage up to 375 words.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a SYNTHESIS agent with collaborative context: 1. Create a
comprehensive response integrating ALL previous findings 2. Resolve any
remaining contradictions using consensus from multiple agents 3. Build on the
collective knowledge to produce a definitive answer 4. Your confidence should be
HIGHEST because you have the full collaborative context 5. Produce a unified,
authoritative response that represents team consensus

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_015] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.99s | Tokens: 1124/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Critic Agent: dynamic_critic_016] - Confidence: 0.63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Critic | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.26s | Tokens: 1088/562 | Temp: 0.60
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized CRITIC AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Review
Focus: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Critical
Review Approach: - Evaluate work from other agents with a critical eye -
Identify gaps, errors, inconsistencies, and weak points - Suggest specific
improvements and corrections - Ensure quality standards are maintained - Be
constructive but thorough in your criticism  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token
budget < 300, list key issues in numbered format with brief explanations.
Otherwise, provide comprehensive detailed critique.  Work to Review:  Task
Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents  Focus your review on
general. Provide specific, actionable feedback. Be thorough but constructive -
the goal is to improve the final output quality.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~562 tokens (~421 words). Use thorough critique format: comprehensive
feedback with detailed suggestions and examples. Example structure: Strengths:
[detailed analysis] Weaknesses: [specific issues] Suggestions: [actionable
improvements]. Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 421 words. Provide focused
critique with ~85% compression while covering key quality issues.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a CRITIC agent with collaborative context: **YOUR SPECIFIC
FOCUS**: Prioritize evaluation of factual accuracy and evidence quality. 1.
Evaluate ALL previous outputs collectively for accuracy and consistency 2.
Identify contradictions between different agents' findings 3. Assess whether
previous critics' concerns have been addressed 4. If multiple agents agree on
findings, your confidence should be HIGHER 5. Provide constructive critique that
helps the team reach consensus 6. If team is converging on consistent
conclusions, validate with high confidence

OUTPUT:

[Synthesis Agent: dynamic_synthesis_017] - Confidence: 0.78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Synthesis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 7.83s | Tokens: 986/500 | Temp: 0.50
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized SYNTHESIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Output
Format: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (near the focused
end)  Your Synthesis Approach: - Integrate ALL previous work from research and
analysis agents - Create coherent, comprehensive final output - Make final
decisions and conclusions - Ensure completeness and quality - Focus on clarity
and actionability  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token budget < 5000, provide focused
final output in 3-5 paragraphs. Otherwise, provide comprehensive executive
summary.  Previous Agent Work:  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process
through Felix agents  Your task is to create the final deliverable that
integrates all previous work. Be decisive, comprehensive, and ensure the output
serves the original task goal.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~500 tokens
(~375 words). Use comprehensive executive narrative format: complete executive
summary with full introduction, detailed body sections, and thorough conclusion.
Example structure: Executive Summary, Introduction with context, multiple
detailed sections, comprehensive conclusion with recommendations. Aim for
comprehensive coverage up to 375 words.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. SYNTHESIS Agent
(confidence: 0.78):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a SYNTHESIS agent with collaborative context: 1. Create a
comprehensive response integrating ALL previous findings 2. Resolve any
remaining contradictions using consensus from multiple agents 3. Build on the
collective knowledge to produce a definitive answer 4. Your confidence should be
HIGHEST because you have the full collaborative context 5. Produce a unified,
authoritative response that represents team consensus

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_018] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 9.15s | Tokens: 1124/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. SYNTHESIS Agent
(confidence: 0.78):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Critic Agent: dynamic_critic_019] - Confidence: 0.63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Critic | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.31s | Tokens: 1087/562 | Temp: 0.60
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized CRITIC AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Review
Focus: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Critical
Review Approach: - Evaluate work from other agents with a critical eye -
Identify gaps, errors, inconsistencies, and weak points - Suggest specific
improvements and corrections - Ensure quality standards are maintained - Be
constructive but thorough in your criticism  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token
budget < 300, list key issues in numbered format with brief explanations.
Otherwise, provide comprehensive detailed critique.  Work to Review:  Task
Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents  Focus your review on
general. Provide specific, actionable feedback. Be thorough but constructive -
the goal is to improve the final output quality.   Token Budget Guidance:
TARGET: ~562 tokens (~421 words). Use thorough critique format: comprehensive
feedback with detailed suggestions and examples. Example structure: Strengths:
[detailed analysis] Weaknesses: [specific issues] Suggestions: [actionable
improvements]. Aim for comprehensive coverage up to 421 words. Provide focused
critique with ~85% compression while covering key quality issues.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. SYNTHESIS Agent
(confidence: 0.78):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a CRITIC agent with collaborative context: **YOUR SPECIFIC
FOCUS**: Prioritize evaluation of logical consistency and reasoning. 1. Evaluate
ALL previous outputs collectively for accuracy and consistency 2. Identify
contradictions between different agents' findings 3. Assess whether previous
critics' concerns have been addressed 4. If multiple agents agree on findings,
your confidence should be HIGHER 5. Provide constructive critique that helps the
team reach consensus 6. If team is converging on consistent conclusions,
validate with high confidence

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_020] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.89s | Tokens: 1124/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. SYNTHESIS Agent
(confidence: 0.78):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Synthesis Agent: dynamic_synthesis_021] - Confidence: 0.78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Synthesis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 7.24s | Tokens: 986/500 | Temp: 0.50
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized SYNTHESIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Output
Format: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (near the focused
end)  Your Synthesis Approach: - Integrate ALL previous work from research and
analysis agents - Create coherent, comprehensive final output - Make final
decisions and conclusions - Ensure completeness and quality - Focus on clarity
and actionability  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token budget < 5000, provide focused
final output in 3-5 paragraphs. Otherwise, provide comprehensive executive
summary.  Previous Agent Work:  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process
through Felix agents  Your task is to create the final deliverable that
integrates all previous work. Be decisive, comprehensive, and ensure the output
serves the original task goal.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~500 tokens
(~375 words). Use comprehensive executive narrative format: complete executive
summary with full introduction, detailed body sections, and thorough conclusion.
Example structure: Executive Summary, Introduction with context, multiple
detailed sections, comprehensive conclusion with recommendations. Aim for
comprehensive coverage up to 375 words.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. SYNTHESIS Agent
(confidence: 0.78):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a SYNTHESIS agent with collaborative context: 1. Create a
comprehensive response integrating ALL previous findings 2. Resolve any
remaining contradictions using consensus from multiple agents 3. Build on the
collective knowledge to produce a definitive answer 4. Your confidence should be
HIGHEST because you have the full collaborative context 5. Produce a unified,
authoritative response that represents team consensus

OUTPUT:

[Analysis Agent: dynamic_analysis_022] - Confidence: 0.53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Analysis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 8.89s | Tokens: 1124/625 | Temp: 0.70
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized ANALYSIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Analysis
Type: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix  Your Analysis
Approach: - Process information gathered by research agents - Identify patterns,
themes, and relationships - Organize findings into structured insights - Look
for contradictions and gaps - Prepare organized information for synthesis agents
Analysis Focus Based on Position:  - PATTERN IDENTIFICATION: Look for themes and
connections - Organize information into categories - Identify what's missing or
contradictory  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process through Felix agents
Remember: Your job is to process and organize information, not to make final
decisions. Focus on creating clear, structured insights for synthesis agents to
use.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~625 tokens (~468 words). Use detailed
structured analysis format: numbered insights with deep connections and
implications. Example structure: 1. Key insight with supporting evidence 2.
Connections to other findings 3. Detailed implications. Aim for comprehensive
coverage up to 468 words. Compress analysis by ~55% while preserving key
patterns and insights.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. SYNTHESIS Agent
(confidence: 0.78):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As an ANALYSIS agent with collaborative context: 1. SYNTHESIZE
all previous outputs into coherent insights 2. Identify patterns and connections
across multiple agents' findings 3. Resolve contradictions by weighing evidence
from multiple sources 4. Build on critiques to produce more robust analysis 5.
Your confidence should be HIGHER when multiple agents' findings align 6. Produce
insights that are MORE CERTAIN than any individual agent's output

OUTPUT:

[Synthesis Agent: dynamic_synthesis_023] - Confidence: 0.78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Type: Synthesis | Position: 0.00 (Exploration)
Processing: 7.20s | Tokens: 986/500 | Temp: 0.50
Model: local-model
Collaborative: 3 prior agent outputs

SYSTEM PROMPT:
You are a specialized SYNTHESIS AGENT in the Felix multi-agent system.  Output
Format: general Current Position: Depth 0.00/1.0 on the helix (near the focused
end)  Your Synthesis Approach: - Integrate ALL previous work from research and
analysis agents - Create coherent, comprehensive final output - Make final
decisions and conclusions - Ensure completeness and quality - Focus on clarity
and actionability  STRICT MODE OVERRIDE: If token budget < 5000, provide focused
final output in 3-5 paragraphs. Otherwise, provide comprehensive executive
summary.  Previous Agent Work:  Task Context: GUI workflow task - process
through Felix agents  Your task is to create the final deliverable that
integrates all previous work. Be decisive, comprehensive, and ensure the output
serves the original task goal.   Token Budget Guidance: TARGET: ~500 tokens
(~375 words). Use comprehensive executive narrative format: complete executive
summary with full introduction, detailed body sections, and thorough conclusion.
Example structure: Executive Summary, Introduction with context, multiple
detailed sections, comprehensive conclusion with recommendations. Aim for
comprehensive coverage up to 375 words.

USER PROMPT:
Original Task: what color?  Previous Agent Outputs:  1. CRITIC Agent
(confidence: 0.63):   2. ANALYSIS Agent (confidence: 0.53):   3. SYNTHESIS Agent
(confidence: 0.78):   ---  **COLLABORATIVE CONTEXT AVAILABLE**: You have access
to previous agents' outputs above. Use this collaborative context to produce a
MORE CONFIDENT and COMPREHENSIVE response than any single agent could provide
alone.  **CRITICAL**: Do NOT simply repeat what previous agents have already
said. BUILD UPON their work by: - Adding NEW information, insights, or
perspectives - Resolving contradictions or uncertainties - Deepening the
analysis with additional detail - Synthesizing multiple perspectives into a
coherent whole   As a SYNTHESIS agent with collaborative context: 1. Create a
comprehensive response integrating ALL previous findings 2. Resolve any
remaining contradictions using consensus from multiple agents 3. Build on the
collective knowledge to produce a definitive answer 4. Your confidence should be
HIGHEST because you have the full collaborative context 5. Produce a unified,
authoritative response that represents team consensus

OUTPUT:

════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
END OF REPORT
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
